[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
action film ghost in the shell
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the future thanks to technological
advancement people begin to use
biochemical organs to empower their
flesh and blood
with the government support the company
hanko robotics takes aggressive actions
in order to maximize the strengths of
both human and biochemical organs
they migrate human brains to pure
biochemical bodies
to make biochemical human mila is the
first successful example
of the man-made biochemical human she is
later sent by honka robotics
to join the ninth division of public
security a team aiming to prevent
terrorist attacks
one year later in a city flickered by
neon lights milla stands on top of a
skyscraper
observing and waiting for the orders
while inside the building across the
street
one executive of hakka robotics is
having a business meeting with an
african president
a geisha robot kidnaps the executive
rudely and forces to connect to his
e-brain
seeing the situation is getting out of
control mila jumps down from the top
and activates her invisibility without
orders from her team leader
although mila eliminates all killers
real quick the hacker behind this
assassination
still steals some data from the
executive z brain leaving a warning that
one must die
if he cooperates with honker robotics a
teammate shows up later and handles a
potential bombing
seeing the geisha robot lying on the
ground and her own wounded hand
phil wonders about any difference
between herself and other robots
the next day mila learns of the death of
another two executives
and more data have been stolen by the
same hacker after handing out the task
to investigate these three cases
the team leader warns mila again that it
is too risky to take actions alone
as she's not just a weapon but also
their beloved teammates
later mila visits a doctor in hong kong
robotics to repair her broken hand
explaining that there is a vision of a
burning temple occurring in her mind
occasionally
the doctor analyzes her data and
comforts her that the vision may occur
when her human brain runs against her
biochemical body
and it would disappear if she keeps
taking medicine
but mila has more worries than that she
has a human soul but she cannot emerge
into this world as a real human
does as she doesn't have any past or any
folks you want to care about
in another lab the expert finds nothing
after checking the geisha robots
mila suggests she sneaks into its brain
to get some information
which means she may be exposed
completely in front of the hacker
without any protection as no password
could be used during this process
meal is trapped in the e brain of the
geisha robot soon
as what they worried fortunately the
teammate cuts her off the sneaking
connection and mila escapes at last
then mila and the team-mates decide to
visit the nightclub
she found during the sneaking connection
the whole team switched to mind
communication mode
right after entering the club she gets
trapped by some hormone hunters in a
secret chamber
with all the communication signals
blocked up but in a joint effort with
her following up teammate
she gets rid of those bad guys very
easily
then she and the teammates search all
the way down to the basement
where she sees the hacker suddenly
appears there but after several shots
she realizes what she sees is just a
holographic projection
and the hacker triggers the hidden bombs
via remote control
causing both of them to be badly injured
mila is brought to life
again in the lab the doctor is working
on repairing her badly damaged body
and changing the teammates wounded eyes
into biochemical ones
however the expert who has been
investigating the geisha robot
is found dead in her lab later through
what she has already discovered
mila learns that the hacker has been
trying to get the name list of all
participants
of a plan called 2571 in honka robotics
and the expert is the last one on the
name list who is still alive
at the same time two garbage guys are
hacked to their e-brains
and controlled by the hacker they drive
a garbage truck
and stop the doctor by overturning her
car they kill her assistant immediately
but keep the doctor alive forcing her to
tell any information about plan 2571
fortunately mila and her team arrive on
time and the doctor is rescued
one of the garbage guys tries to escape
through the invisible mode
however he's no match to mila she traces
him down and intercepts him
beating him to near death with her bare
hands but she is stopped by the teammate
however when mila starts to interrogate
the garbage guy
who is under no control of the hacker
right now the garbage guy seems to know
little about what he has done previously
just as mila and her team are about to
give up the hacker however
again hacked into the brain of the
garbage guy and starts to challenge mila
this enables her team to locate the
hacker's position
after a thorough search in a slum mila
is astonished to find a special network
which is built by the hacker through
human consciousness that well explains
why the hacker could commit numerous
crimes without being found
as mila investigates further the vision
of a burning temple
flashes again in her mind a group of
people jump out from the dark
and knock her out with an electric shock
she wakes up but cannot move
and finds herself connected to the
special network the hacker shows great
interest in miele after reading her
codes
the hacker tells her that they are both
experimental examples of plan 2571
but he is a defective product since his
brain is not able to connect with the
biochemical body
as good as mila's does therefore haka
robotics simply throws his body along
with his brain to a trash can
and that is why he want a revenge
against the company
but mila doesn't believe his smelly
garbage surprisingly the hacker
releases her
and bears her repeated hits with no
resistance later mila finds a tattoo on
the hacker's chest
the exact same temple which always
flashes in her mind
the hacker tells her it also keeps
showing up in his dream and reminds her
to stop taking medicine given by the
company
mila is shocked a lot by that the hacker
breaks through the gunfire of the
teammate
and then disappears to figure out the
truth
that confused mila goes to challenge the
doctor without any choice
the doctor finally admits that before
mila they have failed 98 times in the
past
what's more mila's memories about her
parents dying of terrorist attacks
are all made up by hunker robotics so as
to keep her more concentrated on her
current job
after learning the truth mila feels
extremely disappointed
and leaves with anger seeing the pain of
mila the doctor also realizes how
inhumane these tests
are after that mila disappears by hiding
in the midnight zone in the ocean
the only place she could feel the
reality about herself
a while later thanks to the
encouragement from her teammate
she finally returns to honker robotics
and continues her mission
meal is injected with a tranquilizer
once she shows up
the company boss feels it's not as easy
to control mila as they used to
so he orders the doctor to destroy mila
thoroughly
although the doctor tries hard to
persuade the boss he just regards mila
as a weapon
in order to rescue mila the doctor
secretly changes the shot
which could release her from the
tranquilizer rather than destroy her
mila then clears her way out of the
hakka robotics and flees away
finding that mila has escaped the boss
bursts into anger
and kills the doctor he then informs the
team leader that mila murdered the
doctor
and want to force the team leader to
stay out of it but the team leader
presents his gun to show his choice
meanwhile from the clues the doctor gave
her before she died
mila finds an apartment a lady living
there tells mila the way mila looks at
her
reminds her of her daughter who had been
reported dead by the police one year ago
but the lady still believes her daughter
is alive after leaving
mila plans to disclose crimes of the
company but the doctor is already dead
they need to find another witness in
order to find the hacker
and persuade him to be the witness mila
reconnects herself to the network
however the boss has monitored mila's
correspondence and sends out his men to
kill the team leader
who however is skillful enough to get
rid of those killers
since stopping to take the medicines
from the company mila memorizes more
about the past
so she returns to a place she used to be
upon seeing the real temple
mila finally recalls that she is the
lady's missing daughter and the hacker
is actually her boyfriend
there are even names they carved on the
wall of the temple
right then the hacker shows up as they
are going to miss their happy old times
bombs start to explode massively under
the protection of the hacker
miele is left uninjured while the hacker
is severely hurt
the boss attacks them again with a
remote control spider tank
so as to destroy all the crime evidence
under its fierce gunfire
mila is forced to step back then the
spider tank moves toward the hacker
trying to smash his human brain after
realizing its intention
mila activates her invisible mode and
jumps to the top of the tank
she takes the remote controlling unit
off at her full strength
but of the sacrifice of her own
biochemical body as the huge tank
collapses
mila also falls down and cannot move her
scrapped body
the boss then sends a sniper to bump off
a hacker's head right in front of mila
the ninth division team arrives on time
and shoots the sniper down
before he could make the next move the
teammate finally saves mila
meanwhile the team leader has located
where the boss hides
and shoots him dead for his betrayal of
the government
mila gets her body repaired and finally
reunites with her mother
mila believes the man-made biochemical
body cannot confine her soul
and only her actions could prove her
true human nature
so mila returns to the ninth division
and becomes the sharpest blade against
terrorism in the cyber world
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out